feat: Feat/p2p updates (#109)
decentraland/adr: RFC/RFC-14-p2p-adapter.md

    participant Peer5
    participant RS as Routing Service

>     RS->>Peer1: { paths: [ [1, 2], [1, 3], [1, 4] ], unreachable: [5] }

Reviewer: I don't think the routing service should be explicit about the unreachable routes, since the peer knows every peer, then it can deduce from the peers there is no route to, they are unrecheable

type Address = string

// A route is a list of peer ids.
type Route = Address[]

// A list of all the paths that need to be covered to broadcast the network

> type PeerRoutingTable = List<Route>

Reviewer: Route[]?

Reference implementation:

> // TODO: Update this

Reviewer: I don't think we need to update it right now, since the algorithm has the guarantees we need and it doesn't say anything regarding how the package will be encoded

  return routingTables
}
``` -->

## Packet

A packet contains a source (peer id) and a target specifying to whom the packet is for and the route to follow to reach it.

```typescript

type Packet = {
  source: Address

>   target: List<Route>

Reviewer: Route[]

}
```

## Peer

> Each time a package needs to be send, then the peer will create it using its own paths as routing table and will make the network to obay that flow.

Reviewer: s/obay/obey

Author: What is the change suggestion here?

  return routingTables
}
``` -->

## Packet

A packet contains a source (peer id) and a target specifying to whom the packet is for and the route to follow to reach it.

```typescript

type Packet = {
  source: Address
  target: Route[]
}

## Peer

> Each time a package needs to be send, then the peer will create it using its own paths as routing table and will make the network to obay that flow.

Author: ```suggestion
Each time a package needs to be sent, then the peer will create it using its own paths as routing table and will make the network to obey that flow.
```
